feat(apple): Add docs about OOM (#3297)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/apple/common/configuration/out-of-memory.mdx

---
title: Out Of Memory
sidebar_order: 10
description: "Learn how to turn off Out Of Memory"
---

> **Attention: This is a preview API available since 7.0.0-alpha.3. This API is not in stable state yet. It may be renamed, changed or even removed in a future version. You can [give us feedback](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/discussions/1016) before it gets stable.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Attention: This is a preview API available since 7.0.0-alpha.3. This API is not in stable state yet. It may be renamed, changed, or even removed in a future version. You can [give us feedback](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/discussions/1016) before it becomes stable.**
```

> **Attention: This is a preview API available since 7.0.0-alpha.3. This API is not in stable state yet. It may be renamed, changed, or even removed in a future version. You can [give us feedback](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/discussions/1016) before it becomes stable.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Note>

This is a preview API, available in 7.0.0-alpha.3. Features available in a preview API are still in-progress and may have bugs. We recognize the irony. The API may be renamed, changed, or removed in a future version.
We welcome your [feedback](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/discussions/1016).

</Note>. 
```

> This integration tracks out-of-memory crashes based on heuristics. This feature is available for iOS, tvOS, and Mac Catalyst and works only if the application was in the foreground.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This integration tracks out-of-memory (OOM) crashes based on heuristics. This feature is available for iOS, tvOS, and Mac Catalyst and works only if the application was in the foreground.
```

> When your application uses too much RAM, the operating system kills your app without a normal termination process. Your process doesn't receive a signal or any other type of information to ensure an OOM occurred. Therefore in the Cocoa SDK, we track out-of-memory crashes during the app start based on heuristics. If your app runs in the background, we can't reliably detect OOMs and don't report them. If you're interested in the implementation details, you can check out [the code](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/blob/master/Sources/Sentry/SentryOutOfMemoryLogic.m) to find out more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When your application uses too much RAM, the operating system kills your app without a normal termination process. Your process doesn't receive a signal or any other type of information to ensure an OOM occurred. As a result, in the Cocoa SDK, we track out-of-memory crashes during the app start based on heuristics. If your app runs in the background, we can't reliably detect OOMs and don't report them. If you're interested in the implementation details, you can check out [the code](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/blob/master/Sources/Sentry/SentryOutOfMemoryLogic.m) to find out more.
```

> When your application uses too much RAM, the operating system kills your app without a normal termination process. Your process doesn't receive a signal or any other type of information to ensure an OOM occurred. Therefore in the Cocoa SDK, we track out-of-memory crashes during the app start based on heuristics. If your app runs in the background, we can't reliably detect OOMs and don't report them. If you're interested in the implementation details, you can check out [the code](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/blob/master/Sources/Sentry/SentryOutOfMemoryLogic.m) to find out more.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When your application uses too much RAM, the operating system kills your app without a normal termination process. Your process doesn't receive a signal or any other type of information to ensure an OOM occurred. Therefore in the Apple SDK, we track out-of-memory crashes during the app start based on heuristics. If your app runs in the background, we can't reliably detect OOMs and don't report them. If you're interested in the implementation details, you can check out [the code](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/blob/master/Sources/Sentry/SentryOutOfMemoryLogic.m) to find out more.
```

> When your application uses too much RAM, the operating system kills your app without a normal termination process. Your process doesn't receive a signal or any other type of information to ensure an OOM occurred. Therefore in the Cocoa SDK, we track out-of-memory crashes during the app start based on heuristics. If your app runs in the background, we can't reliably detect OOMs and don't report them. In case you are interested in the implementation details, you can check out [the code](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/blob/master/Sources/Sentry/SentryOutOfMemoryLogic.m) to find out more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your application uses too much RAM, the operating system kills your app without a normal termination process. Your process doesn't receive a signal or any other type of information to ensure an OOM occurred. Therefore in the Cocoa SDK, we track out-of-memory crashes during the app start based on heuristics. If your app runs in the background, we can't reliably detect OOMs and don't report them. If you're interested in the implementation details, you can check out [the code](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/blob/master/Sources/Sentry/SentryOutOfMemoryLogic.m) to find out more.
```
